MCP Servers updates (#3248)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_5.0/update_from_5.0.md

    ```bash
    composer require ibexa/fieldtype-richtext-rte:[[= latest_tag_5_0 =]] ibexa/ckeditor-premium:[[= latest_tag_5_0 =]]
    ```

=== "MCP Servers"

    ### MCP Servers

    To learn more about the [MCP Servers](mcp_guide.md), see the [installation and configuration instructions](mcp_config.md).

    If you're already using it, run the following command to get the latest version of this feature:

    ```bash

>     composer require ibexa/fieldtype-richtext-rte:[[= latest_tag_5_0 =]] ibexa/ckeditor-premium:[[= latest_tag_5_0 =]]

Reviewer: Packages are wrong

Author: 🤦 Copy-pasting…

```suggestion
    composer require ibexa/mcp:[[= latest_tag_5_0 =]]
```

    ```

    #### v5.0.9

    Between v5.0.8 and v5.0.9, the following changes were made to the MCP Servers feature:

>     - An [`allowed_hosts`](mcp_config.md#allowed-hosts) as been added restrincting usage to local host by default. You may have to set its value to allow more hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - An [`allowed_hosts`](mcp_config.md#allowed-hosts) setting has been added, restricting usage to localhost by default. Customize this value to allow more hosts.
```

>     - The [built-in tool](mcp_config.md#built-in-tools) `list_content_translations` is now renamed `list_content_languages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The [built-in tool](mcp_config.md#built-in-tools) `list_content_translations` is now renamed to `list_content_languages`.
```
